Don't Believe in Tomorrow
It's the day of the final battle between me and the King of Zhenbei
Do you want to go with me?
Do you really have to go?
Humph
20 years of feud
It's time to wrap it up
If I insist on going
Would you like to come with me?
If you have to go
I would like to die with you
Yhahahaha, congratulations to the prince for his great success
This time I will break through the supreme realm
Step on the land fairy realm
Even if Lin Xiaotian is resurrected
Not my opponent
Wang Ye's martial arts are invincible in the world
What god
I don't deserve to be your enemy at all
What about the lion? Where is he?
His Royal Highness the Lion has an accident in Jiangnan
He was captured by a rebel surnamed Lin
Yang Yan will sacrifice you and the lion to the sky
You red boy
You should say kill me
You are such a joke
Lord Buddha will be your grand ceremony tomorrow
We have been planning for this ceremony for a long time
I hope you will focus on the overall situation and end the ceremony tomorrow.
When I ascended the throne
And that's when they die.
I will take him
Shattered corpse